pages/common/*: replace command examples with unportable shell syntax (#12848)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/comm.md

> - Print lines only found in second file, when the files aren't sorted:

Reviewer: This description is no longer accurate when you omit the sorting step in the command.

Author: Couldn't I assume the files are sorted?

Reviewer: Yes, but then you would need to change the description into 

`Print lines only found in the second file when the files are sorted`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print lines only found in the second file, when both files are sorted:
```
